# Services Agreement

This Services Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of |effective_date|
by and between |party_a| ("Client") and |party_b| ("Service Provider").

l. SERVICES

ll. Scope of Services Service Provider agrees to provide Client with consulting
services as described in Exhibit A attached hereto (the "Services").

ll. Performance Service Provider shall perform the Services in a professional
and workmanlike manner and in accordance with industry standards.

l. COMPENSATION

ll. Fees Client shall pay Service Provider the sum of $|payment_amount| as
compensation for the Services.

ll. Payment Terms Payment shall be made within 30 days of receiving an invoice
from Service Provider.

l. TERM AND TERMINATION

ll. Term This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue
until the Services are completed, unless earlier terminated.

ll. Termination for Convenience Either party may terminate this Agreement upon
30 days written notice to the other party.

[l. CONFIDENTIALITY

ll. Definition "Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by one
party to the other, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by
inspection of tangible objects, which is designated as "Confidential" or would
reasonably be understood to be confidential or proprietary.

ll. Non-Disclosure Each party agrees not to disclose any Confidential
Information of the other party to any third party and to protect the
confidentiality of the disclosed Confidential Information with the same degree
of care as it uses to protect its own confidential
information.]{include_confidentiality}

[l. NON-COMPETITION

ll. Restriction During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year
thereafter, Service Provider shall not directly or indirectly engage in any
business that competes with Client.

ll. Geographic Scope This restriction shall apply within a 50-mile radius of
Client's principal place of business.]{include_non_compete}

l. GENERAL PROVISIONS

ll. Governing Law This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
|jurisdiction|.

ll. Entire Agreement This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

ll. Amendments No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless it is in
writing and signed by both parties.

ll. Counterparts This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

CLIENT: |party_a|

SERVICE PROVIDER: |party_b|
